In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I have a secret.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
Experiencing loss is a part of life.
Some people lose their first love,
some lose the harmony
in their relationship.
The decorations are spot on,
aren't they, dear?
They're ridiculous, utterly ridiculous!
They're fired!
Some people lose hope.
Others lose patience.
Oh, by the way, I didn't tell you, did I?
I have a girlfriend!
-Really? That's so awesome!
-No, it's not awesome at all.
I just said that to make you jealous.
I can't be in love with you,
Cat Noir, you know that.
Yeah, yeah, I get it.
But it still hurts.
While others lose their soul,
some lose their certainties.
Ah! You've finally realized
there's more than just one type of cheese
in the world!
And some have nothing to lose.
Thanks.
That's it! I got it!
Got to go! Enjoy your meal!
Yes, Dad, I do know
where the Grand Paris Hotel is!
Me? Late? I'm never late!
OK, yeah, sure.
But this time I won't be late! Promise!
-What are you doing here?
-I've been thinking of you,
and I think I've found your melody.
The tune that matches you completely.
Wanna hear it?
-What do you think?
-Wow. It's... it's incredible!
Hmm.
It's still not quite right.
I can do better.
I'm gonna work on it some more.
Yeah, Dad. I'm on my way.
Sorry, I... I gotta go.
Thanks, Luka.
I'll find the perfect tune for your song!
Audrey and André,
on this most solemn day, in celebration
of your anniversary,
I am delighted
to offer this magnificent gift
I personally designed for you.
-Hi.
-My dearest Mr. and Mrs. Bourgeois,
I hereby present you
the Gabriel Couple Cloak,
a symbol of eternal love and bonds
of marriage!
Ouch! You're stepping on my feet!
Thank you, Gabriel. It's... it's...
Hideous on you! Ugh! Utterly hideous!
You wearing it is an insult
to this piece of art!
Over here!
-Oh!
We're not leaving.
We're just gonna help a friend out
over at the buffet.
Thanks, but don't miss
the ceremony because of me!
Are you kidding?
We can't wait to get away!
It's a good thing you're as clumsy
as they are boring!
Could you get rid
of the empty trays for us, please?
Uh... Can we help you? Please?
-All right.
-And before you head back home,
could you bring us some drink umbrellas?
They're in the kitchen. Thanks.
I'm sure you'd all like to know the secret
behind our long-lasting marriage,
-and well, the secret is--
-Distance! Give me that!
It's supposed to be a cloak for couples!
Don't be ridiculous! Give me that!
Nooroo, dark wings rise!
Ha-ha! Touché!
I didn't feel a thing!
Yeah, right! Straight to the heart!
The children haven't returned.
Where have they gone?
Stop embarrassing me
in the whole world of fashion!
-Take that!
-Hmm!
Are you looking for something?
-Phew!
- Thanks, Marinette!
OK. I better get going.
I have to take these umbrellas back to--
-No, wait!
-Please, escape with us!
Huh?
Being disobedient is really entertaining.
I've never had so much fun in my life.
-Are you kidding?
-No, why?
No reason!
You should have seen your face, Kagami!
Hey!
Wow! It's the first time
I've seen with your hair down.
You should see your face, Marinette!
-Phase two is in place, sir.
-Perfect!
The ultimate battle
of the Miraculous may begin!
You're so ridiculous!
Everything here is ridiculous!
-I'm going back to New York!
-Right! Leave us again!
I'd be more than happy to book you a seat
on the next flight myself this time!
Love stories don't always have
a happy ending.
They bring out
so many uncontrollable emotions.
Isn't that right, my pretty akuma?
Fly away and evilise their scarred hearts!
-Your hair looks beautiful!
-She's right!
I hate you!
Heart Hunter, I am Hawk Moth!
So, you no longer believe in love?
Well, I'm giving you
the power to destroy it!
And wherever it is,
whatever its form, devour it!
All I ask in return are Ladybug
and Cat Noir's Miraculous!
Now, feast on love!
It makes my mouth water
just thinking of it!
Daddy? Mom?
I am the most powerful
of all the supervillains!
No, I am! You're just super annoying!
Oh! They're so in love!
Oh! My bee-signal!
I gotta let Ladybug know!
Chloé! My princess!
You're going to give us all your love!
Nuh-uh! Sorry. No way.
I don't love anyone!
-Of course you do, darling!
-You love yourself!
Hey, hold up, Heartbreakers!
I'm not in a relationship, OK?
True. But you do love music,
your fans and... that!
Duusuu, spread my feathers.
My bee-signal!
Who did this?
Everything is going as planned, Hawk Moth.
I think we're far enough away now!
Won't you get in trouble
with your parents?
It's not every day we can escape
from everything they expect of us.
What should we do now?
♪ My name's André ♪
♪ André Glacier! ♪
♪ The sweethearts' matchmaker! ♪
Let's get some ice cream from André!
André is the sweethearts' ice-cream maker.
The legend says that whoever shares
his ice cream together
will be in love forever.
I don't believe in those kinds of myths.
But I do believe in ice cream!
Which flavors for these two? Hmm...
Orange and peppermint!
A perfect pairing that's always a success.
Nothing could turn it into a mess.
And for you two,
blackberry and peppermint!
An explosive mix and that's a fact!
But oftentimes
it's the opposites that attract!
Orange and blackberry,
quite unusual, it's true.
Not the most obvious,
but it works for you two!
-So, what will it be?
-You pick!
-I don't get what he's saying.
-Yeah, you pick. We trust you.
Er... Can't you find a blend
for the three of us?
I can. But too many flavors mixed together
may throw off the delicate balance!
Uh... I don't know.
Blackberry and peppermint
doesn't seem great.
What if the mint finds the berry lame
and wants to be with the orange instead?
And it's true that orange and peppermint
are awesome together,
and orange and blackberry
just doesn't seem like they go together.
Look,
I think your first idea was the best.
The orange and peppermint ice cream for...
for my friends here.
Are you sure, Marinette?
I'm gonna head back to the palace.
I told my parents I'd bring them back
those cocktail umbrellas.
-We'll go with you.
-No, no. Don't bother.
Enjoy your ice cream, seriously.
-Where's Marinette?
-She left.
Stop, in the name of the law!
This love of the city is so delectable!
And these lovebirds! What a treat!
Time to transform!
Tikki, spots on! Yeah!
I wish I didn't have
to involve you with this.
I want to be here. I want to help you.
I cannot wait, Ladybug!
-There she is.
-You love everyone.
You're going to make a first-rate dinner!
And for dessert? The cat!
I'm sure he's very tasty!
It's always the same.
Whenever she's backed up against a wall,
Ladybug engages others
to fight by her side.
I'm convinced
the Guardian of the Miraculous
is who she seeks every time.
Where are you Cat Noir?
OK. Lucky charm!
A token for a merry-go-round? Hmm.
Yoo-hoo!
Bring me my Miraculous, Ladybug.
I'm waiting for you!
Mayura!
Bye-bye, little bird!
Focus, Ladybug! Focus!
Master Fu! I need your help!
This costume is very cute, Miss.
But is it really fitting in this place?
I forgot to transform back!
I haven't been followed, Master.
I'm sure of it!
Ladybug, if you'd like
to have a turn on the merry-go-round,
please pick your favorite horse.
Once the mission is over,
you'll retrieve the Miraculous
and return it back to me.
Bring me my Miraculous, Ladybug.
I'm waiting for you!
The Dragon?
Are you sure?
Uh... Yes, I'm certain.
- My dear Guardian!
What a pleasure it is to finally meet you!
I'm honored that you've chosen me,
but I thought you couldn't give me
this Miraculous again
-since Hawk Moth knows my identity.
-There's no time!
I need your exceptional talent!
Plagg, claws out!
Don't look at me.
I have to transform back!
My kwami needs to refuel. Spots off!
I hope I didn't interrupt anything with...
that boy.
You did turn up a little unexpectedly.
I'm honored to see you again, Kagami-San!
We're about to accomplish
great things together!
Honor is mine, Longg-sama!
The boy's famous, isn't he?
You're bound to break a lot of hearts.
There's only one person
I don't want to hurt.
Marinette.
She's the only other friend I have.
But Adrien and I are made for each other.
We're so alike.
I can't give him up,
even for the sake of friendship.
Sometimes, choices can be so hard.
We have a mission to do.
Longg, bring the storm!
Tikki, spots on!
You're powerless against me, old man,
and Ladybug isn't here to protect you.
Tell me the secret identities
of Ladybug and Cat Noir.
-Never!
-Then help me get
their Miraculous and I won't harm you.
You're not getting anything from me!
-Wayzz!
-It's too dangerous, Master!
-You're too old for this!
-Shell on!
Very impressive!
- Shell-ter!
You're on borrowed time,
you crazy old man.
I'll wait for you to transform back!
My powers are no more
time-sensitive than yours!
Obviously you haven't learned anything
about the Miraculous.
I've learned enough to defeat you!
The end of superheroes has come.
You talk a lot,
but you haven't achieved much so far!
Your defeat
will be my greatest achievement!
Huh?
What about me?
You were supposed to give me a Miraculous!
This is ridiculous! Utterly ridiculous!
They're my parents, you know.
So I should be the one to save them!
Ladybug, how nice of you to bring a guest!
Ryuko, as amazing and daring
as I remember!
Nice to see you again too, Cat Noir.
Is this one of your
"try to make me jealous move" again ?
This cat is very much in love!
Wind dragon!
-Thank you, Ladybug.
-Not calling me milady anymore?
-Huh? Of course! I...
Wait a second.
Are you jealous of Ryuko right now?
Of course not! Pff!
Chloé Bourgeois, rejections hurt!
Your talents deserve to be recognized!
Ladybug and Cat Noir's reign
has gone on long enough.
It's time for Paris to have a new Queen.
And the Queen on my chessboard... is you!
You've akumatised my parents!
If I had my Miraculous, I'd--
You're right,
but I did it for one reason only.
So that you would finally realize
that Ladybug will never give you
the Bee Miraculous again.
I, however, always keep my promises.
This isn't real. How do you have it?
Try it and see for yourself.
You're Ladybug's greatest fan.
You've helped her, you've trusted her.
And what has she done for you in return?
Nothing! She couldn't care less about me!
I'm done with her. She's irrelevant.
Utterly irrelevant!
I want you
to de-akumatise my parents first.
Whatever you say, my Queen.
-Majesty, wait!
- Silence!
You will speak only when spoken to.
Your loss, Ladybug. Pollen, buzz on!
Lucky charm!
Cat Noir, give me your belt
and cataclysm the street lamp!
Ryuko, go to the left, and--
Huh, was I dreaming or did Heart Hunter
just get de-akumatised all by itself?
Why would Hawk Moth do that?
I'll ask Master Fu!
Miraculous Ladybug!
See? I kept my word.
Your parents are free.
And now I can use a new akuma
to make your powers
even stronger, my Queen.
Miracle Queen, I'm giving you
the power to reign over Paris
and command your very own army
of superheroes!
All I ask you in return--
Cat Noir and Ladybug's Miraculous.
You shall have them.
As soon as I crush those heroes!
Longg, open sky!
I'm not here right now.
Please leave a message.
Don't worry, Marinette.
Master Fu is very wise.
If anything has happened,
he'd know what to do.
But Tikki, if anything's happened to him,
it's because of me.
Kagami!
Is everything OK?
What happened with Ladybug?
She took me away to...
protect us.
Because the monster
she was battling against was attacking
people in love.
-People in love?
-Mmm-hmm.
Are you OK, Marinette?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Actually, no. I'm not fine at all!
I'm so tired of all the responsibilities,
of having to put up a front all the time!
Of never being able to be who I truly am.
It's all right, Marinette.
You can tell me everything.
Or nothing, if you prefer.
You can be yourself with me, you know.
Just yourself.